Template for gitHub issue for dataset problems (#361)
ESMValGroup/ESMValCore: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/data_issue_report.md

---
name: Dataset issue report
about: Create a report about a problematic dataset
title: 'Dataset problem: '
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

**Describe the dataset issue**
A clear and concise description of what the problem with the data is is. Here are some guidelines that you can use
right out the box by filling in the blanks (note that, if needed we will assist you with writing a fix; also note that
if the problem is with a CMIP6 dataset, we will alert the ESGF and/or the model developers for them to fix the problem
in the long run; fixes for CMIP5 by the model developers are no longer possible):

- Data file has been changed by you in any way (if you answer yes the issue will be void and closed, we are not
supporting custom-made datasets that present problems, it is your resposability to fix those problems):
- Project (CMIP5/CMIP6/OBS/obs4mips/etc):
- Full dataset decription (fill out as many as you know, please):
  - dataset:
  - experiment:
  - mip:
  - grid:
  - type:
  - version:
  - tier:
  - variable used:
  - data version:

> - Problem encountered (please describe what the actual problem is: e.g. wrong standard name):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Problems encountered (please describe what the actual problems are: e.g. wrong standard name, issue with dimensions):
```

Reviewer: Bit optimistic assuming only one problem, lol.

- Pointer to existing copy of data on ESGF node (it would be very useful if you could provide a physical

> fullpath to the file(s) that are causing the problem, e.g. on CEDA Jasmin or DKRZ):

Reviewer 2: - Attach a text file with the output of `ncdump -h /path/to/file.nc`

---
name: Dataset issue report
about: Create a report about a problematic dataset
title: 'Dataset problem: '
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

**Describe the dataset issue**
A clear and concise description of what the problem with the data is is. Here are some guidelines that you can use
right out the box by filling in the blanks (note that, if needed we will assist you with writing a fix; also note that

> if the problem is with a CMIP6 dataset, we will alert the ESGF and/or the model developers for them to fix the problem

Reviewer 2: It says here `we will alert the ESGF and/or the model developers`. I think it would be good to be more specific and say who will actually do this. Would you be willing to do this @valeriupredoi?

Author: good point! Yes, I can do that, but we should have at least one more person for the times when I'm at the pub :grin: How about @zklaus - he's respectable enough :grin:

Reviewer 2: @zklaus You interested in doing this?

Reviewer 3: Sure thing. :+1: Then we can also first evaluate complaints as to their merit. Will you put us two then as assignees in the issue template?

Reviewer 2: @valeriupredoi Can you take care of updating the text so it mentions you two?

Author: done
